Update the log collection behaviour when the proxy is used and miscon… (#4888)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/cloud_foundry.md

cf set-env app01 LOGS_CONFIG '[{"type":"tcp","port":"10514","source":"java","service":"app01"}]'
```

> **Notification in case of misconfigured proxy**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Notification in case of misconfigured proxy
```

I suggest changing all bolded titles in this section so they are clickable links

> When using a [proxy configuration](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/proxy/?tab=agentv6#proxy-for-logs) with the Buildpack to send your logs to Datadog, a verification is made since Agent 6.12 to check if the connection can be established and depending on the result of this test to start the Log collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Agent v6.12+, when using a [proxy configuration][27] with the Buildpack, a verification is made to check if the connection can be established. Log collection is started depending on the result of this test.
```
Add the following to the bottom of the page:
`[27]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/proxy/#proxy-for-logs`

> If the connection fails to be established and the Log collection is not start, an event like the below is sent to your Datadog platform. Setup a monitor to track them and be notified when a misconfigured Buildpack was deployed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the connection fails to be established and the log collection is not started, an event like the one below is sent to your Datadog event stream. Set up a monitor to track these events and be notified when a misconfigured Buildpack was deployed:
```
